[Elixir] new concept exercise `try-rescue-else-after` (#1628)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/try-rescue-else-after/.docs/hints.md

## General

- Review the official documentation:
  - [Elixir Getting Started - Errors][getting-started-errors]
  - [Elixir Getting Started - IO][getting-started-io]

## 1. Open a file

- Use _dynamic dispatch_ to use invoke the open function.
  - Review the introduction code snippet

## 2. Attempt to write to the file

- Make use of the try-rescue construct

> - Review the IO module's [`write/2`][io-write] function

Reviewer: Maybe more cryptic:
```suggestion
- There is [function][io-write] in the `IO` module that allows you to write to a file
```

Author: ```suggestion
- There is [function][io-write] in the `IO` module that allows you to write to an `io handle`
```
